Didi/update tabview images docs (#1192)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/tabview/overview.md

* [Header Customization]({%slug tabview-configuration%})&mdash;TabView provides means for customizing the header area containing the tabs—through the `HeaderStyle` property you can change its position, orientation, and spacing between the tabs; through the `HeaderTemplate` property you can modify its look and feel.
* [Image support in the header]({%slug tabview-item%})&mdash;add images inside the header. In addition you can controls the position of the image and the spacing between the image and the header text.
* [Change the header position]({%slug tabview-configuration%}#setting-the-headers-position) to top, bottom, left or right. 

> * [Data Binding]({%slug tabview-data-binding%})&mdash;TabView has a support for binding to a complex object through the `ItemsSource` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Data Binding]({%slug tabview-data-binding%})&mdash;TabView supports binding to a complex object through the `ItemsSource` property.
```
